What about the lady? The lady just took a taxi and left
Why didn't you stop him?
I can't stop it.
But I did get the license plate number.
Mom, I'm married!
I was married to a man who didn't love me for three years
In fact, I understand in my heart
He married me for the kids
But I don't know what's wrong
I saw him with other women
When hugging each other
I'm really sick inside
Maybe I started from the beginning
You shouldn't have unrealistic fantasies
He and I are not from the same world at all
Mom, it's raining.
I'll see you next time.
How are you?
Senior, why are you here?
I originally went to Lu Enterprises to negotiate a contract
Watching you run out of the Lu Enterprises building
I'm afraid something will happen to you.
I followed
I didn't expect you to be
I'm sorry, sir
I always let you see my place
You look embarrassed.
While going to school
I let you see me a lot
You look embarrassed.
It's even, right?
How have you been?
Can you go and I will carry you?
This is for fear of being secretly photographed by paparazzi
So they all went to the cemetery for a date
Why are you here?